# Inheritance and Polymorphism

## Exercise 1 (example)

Inheritance is a fundamental operation in OOP where a subclass can inherit all of the **protected & public attributes & methods** of the parent class. Inheritance is typically used when two objects have a **"is a"** relationship. For example, a dog is a mammal, and a mammal is an animal, so the class for Dog would inherit from the class for Mammal, and the class for Mammal would inherit from the class for Animal. This makes sense as a dog is a mammal so it should share the same properties as a mammal.

In python, inheritance is denoted by putting the parent class that the subclass inherits from in brackets following the name of the subclass. Using the above example, this would look like `class Dog (Mammal)`. Typically, to inherit both attributes and methods from the parent class, the line `super().__init__()` is put in the constructor of the subclass. The super() function allows you to call any accessible method from the parent class, so `super().__init__()` calls the constructor of the parent class, which typically initialises the attributes. If this is not called, only the methods of the parent class will be accessible, not the attributes. The `super()` function can also be used to call any other method from the parent class, not just the constructor.

As a last note, beware of one of the OOP design principles, which is **"favour composition over inheritance"**. This means that you should always try to use composition instead of inheritance, as it is more flexible. Only use inheritance when two classes are directly linked by a **"is a"** relationship.
