# Morse Code
*Constructed By Sophie Chiang*

The challenge is to write a morse code encoder and decoder.

There isn't much skeleton code provided, but hopefully the previous caesar cipher challenge from the last book of challenges could also be of help if you get stuck.

Afterwards, try the extension challenges.

## Task 1 
First complete the dictionary which maps letters to its corresponding morse code for D, L and P. You can use [this chart](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b5/International_Morse_Code.svg/260px-International_Morse_Code.svg.png) to help you.

## Task 2
Add a line which asks the user to input a sentence that they want to encode. We will just call this variable 'sentence'.

## Task 3
We want to loop through each character of the sentence, encode it and print this.
Make sure to convert the character to uppercase first using .upper().

## Task 4
Try entering a message and make sure it encrypts properly!

## Task 5
Now let's write a decoder. Again, take an input from the user for a sentence or word they want to decode.

## Task 6
Loop through every word in the sentence. Line 36 already prints out the corresponding letter.

## Task 7
Call the decoder function at the end of the program if the user inputs the letter 'd'.

## Task 8
Finally your decoder is complete ... try decoding the following message to celebrate!
-.-- --- ..-   .... .- ...- .   -.. . -.-. --- -.. . -..   - .... .. ...   -- . ... ... .- --. .
How can you improve your decoded output slightly?

## Extensions
1. Can you find words which are palindromes (read the same forwards and backwords) in morse code? An example is the word taint, which is actually a palindrome in both english and in morse code!

2. Try sending some morse code to someone else and see if they can decode it (or vice versa)

3. When printing a decoded message, can you try and print the sentence in lower case rather than upper case? Could you change it such that the first letter of every word is upper case?
