# Minesweeper
*Constructed By Finlay Lumsden*

MineSweeper is a classic game and was one of the earliest popular computer games.

Each square contains either a mine or a number to show how many mines that square is adjacent to.

Try to reveal all squares that don't have mines but avoid the mines! 

You can flag the likely mine squares to avoid them.

This version of MineSweeper can be played, but still needs some adjustments.

In the following code, scroll down to find some tasks to help complete the code.

If you get stuck, search up 'Python break statements'.

## Task 1
When there are no empty squares left detected (that don't have mines), it means that the game has been won. 
Can you end the game by quitting the loop at this stage rather than the game loop continuing?

## Task 2
If `grid[y][x]` is equal to `-1` for our choice of row x and column y, then we hit a mine and the game is over.
Can you show the grid and then end the game rather than the game loop continuing?

## Task 3
Can you apply validation to the two row / column number inputs
So that it uses a while loop to ask for an `x` value UNTIL it is between `1` and `GRIDSIZE`? 
...and then the same for `y`?
Hint: see how this has been done with the validation on the flag choice input for an example
  
## Task 4
Currently if you try to reveal where you previously put a flag then the flag marker still remains
Can you check if (row,column) is in flags and remove it if so before making the square visible?

## Extension Tasks
- Can you figure out how to show  row & column numbers on the printed grid by editing the function below?
- You can also try to play around with the GRIDSIZE constant at the top of the code.
- In classic minesweeper, if you pick a square adjacent to 0 mines then the visible area auto-expands around that square and so on. Could you build this in? You can get some hints by looking at the `revealStartSquares` function.
- What other improvements could you make?
