# Crossword
**Constructed By Jem Bennett**

Can you write code to extract and print out all of the words in this crossword string?

```
COMPUTER IP
O E N  S D 
DOMAINNAME 
E O O A   E
  R NEUMANN
JOY   R   C
A    N  F?R
VIDEOGAME Y
A A  R  I P
  T  APPLET
ADA  M  D  
```

If you run it, you'll find it gets some words but needs some improvements!

## Task 1
Replace the ? in the crossword string with a letter to complete the crossword.
The word you make should be related to programming which is also used elsewhere in this code.

## Task 2
Currently, the program finds a "word" even when there's only one letter in a row.
Put the `print` below inside an `if` statement so we only print if there's more than one letter.
Do the same with the other print statement below.

## Task 3
Allow the program to find vertical words.
We can use the same code from above (from the first `word = ""` to here) with one small change so that we go column by column first rather than row by row first.
Copy the code from above and change one or two lines to swap rows with columns.
  
## Task 4
Find the longest word in the crossword
To find the longest word, we look at each word in turn, remembering the longest word found so far and updating if we find a longer one. 
Implement this algorithm below by filling in the blanks.

## TASK 5: 
Allow the user to input a letter e.g. N.
Then find and output the location of every occurence of that letter in the crossword.
You will need to iterate through each row and column, just as the code which finds all the words does.
Then you will need an `if` statement to check if the letter at each location is the requested letter
... and if so, print the coordinate in terms of its column and row numbers.

## Extension Tasks
Look up one of the words in the crossword and research about it!
All words are computer science-related, though you may ned to include "computer science" as a search term for some of them.
Also could you change the initial crossword for another one and check your code still works?