# Mastermind Code Game
*Constructed By Mabel Symes and Nok Hang Lo*

Play the game first and then try the challenges below to improve it! Afterwards, try the extension challenges.

## Intro
Welcome to the game Mastermind! This is a 2 player game where one player creates a code and the other player tries to guess it. The code is made up of 4 letters from A-F, and you get 9 guesses. After each guess, you get told how many letters are correct and in the right place, and how many are correct but in the wrong place.

For example, if the code was AABC:

the guess ABCD would get 1 letter correct and in the right place (A) and two letters correct but in the wrong place (B and C)
the guess ADAC would get 2 letters correct and in the right place (the first A and the C) and one letter correct but in the wrong place (the second A)
the guess CBAA would get 0 letters correct and in the right place and 4 letters correct but in the wrong place.

## Task 1
Can you add a print statement to output 100 new-line characters so that player 2 doesn't see the code player 1 entered (because it scrolls off the screen)?

## Task 2
Can you make the number of attempts print out correctly - it is out by one!

## Task 3
Can you make the next line of output also print out correctly?

## Task 4
Can you make the initial code only accept the letters A-F?

## Task 5
If they get the code on the last attempt it still says they failed to guess the code - can you fix that?

## Extension Challenges:
- Can you make use of a constant so that the number of attempts allowed can be changed easily?
- Can you combine the two `for idx in range(len(attempt)):` loops into one?
- Can you allow the user to choose how many letters the code is made up of?
- Or choose how many different letters are allowed? (Currently the code is made up of 4 letters from the 6 different letters A-F)
- Can you add an option to play the computer so that the computer generates the code (randomly) and the user guesses it?
- Can you allow the game to be repeated, keeping track of each player's total score, displaying these scores when the game is ended?