# Witch Word?
*constructed by Mabel Symes*

Welcome to Halloween Witch Word! In this game, you have six lives to guess the Halloween-themed word.

On every turn, there is a one in five chance that you will have the option to take a risk... If you get a treat, all instances of one letter in the word shall be revealed. If you get a trick, then if your next guess is wrong you will lose two lives. If you manage to guess right, however, play continues as normal. There is a 50% chance of either happening... Good luck!!

Try the main tasks below and then look at the extension challenges.

## Task 1
Currently, there is a one in six chance of getting a trick or treat. Can you change this to one in five?

## Task 2
Can you fix the line that checks if the player loses? Currently, if they had one life and then lost two, they would not lose. You need to make sure they would lose if they have less than zero lives.

## Task 3
Can you add verification to ensure that the player only enters a single letter? (Hint: use the `len()` function and the `.isalpha()` method)

## Task 4
Currently, if a treat completes the word, the player still has to guess one more letter. Can you fix this by checking if `solved` is equal to the answer, and if so print a suitable win message?

## Task 5
Can you allow the user to enter `N` and `Y` for the trick or treat question? (Hint: use `.lower()`)

## Extension Challenges
- Currently, the player can only play once. Can you make it so that they can play again if they want to? Can you also keep track of how many wins and losses they have, printing this out at the end? Can you also make sure that the randomly generated words do not repeat while they are playing?
- Can you create a function that, given a string, will return it in banner form (as a string)? For example, given `Hello`, it would return:
```
~~~~~~~~~
| Hello |
~~~~~~~~~
```
- Can you then use this function on the welcome message in the main code?
- Can you add a difficulty setting to the game? Easy mode would have 10 lives, medium 6, and hard 3.
- Challenge 4 and the last four lines of code are very similar... Could you create a function that checks if the player has won and, if so, returns a suitable message? Can you then use this function in the main code?