# Welcome to the game 2048!
*By Nok Hang Lo*

In this game, you have to merge tiles of the same number until you get the 2048 tile. You have limited space - only a 4x4 grid to do so. If the grid is full and you cannot merge any more tiles, the game is over. Good luck!

Try the game (you can find out more details about it online). Afterwards try the extension challenges!

## Task 1
The game currently ends when you get the 512 tile. Can you change it to end only when you get the 2048 tile?

## Task 2
The board is incorrectly generating 4s instead of 2s on every turn. Can you change it to generate 2s instead?

## Task 3
The game is incorrectly giving points for every move not every merge. Can you change it to give points for every merge by adding the value of each tile you merge?

## Task 4
Currently, the game doesn't quit when the user types the letter Q. Can you fix this?

## Task 5
When the board is completely full, the game doesn't check if there are still legal moves to play and ends the game. Can you complete the can_merge() function and use it to fix this?

## Extension Tasks:
- The merge functions are quite repetitive and have a lot of code in common. Can you create a new function and use it in the merge functions instead of using the same code many times?
- The merge functions use global variables, which is very bad coding practice. Can you rewrite the functions using parameters and return values instead?
- The game ends after the player wins or loses. Can you ask the user if they want to play again after each game?
- Can you ask the user if they want to continue playing after they get the 2048 tile? The next goal should be the next power of 2 (4096 for the first goal) and once the player gets that tile, the goal should be updated again (up until 131,072)
- Can you make the computer play 2048 by randomly choosing a move (W, A, S, D) until the computer wins or loses the game?

