# Colour Word Search
_By Mabel Symes_

Welcome to my Computer Science Word Search!!! 

A random grid is generated of size 10x10 with 6 words hidden inside. They are horizontal or vertical but not diagonal. The words are all related to computer science.

Your job is to fix this game so that it works properly. Good luck!!!

## Task 1
Display how many words remain to be found on every turn.

## Task 2
Display a message if the user tries to guess a word that has already been found.

## Task 3
Change the variables called `minutes` and `seconds` so that their values are correct.

## Task 4
Put the game into a while loop so that it keeps running until the user enters `quit`.

# EXTENSION CHALLENGES:

- Try adjusting the colour scheme for the game!
- Can you make it so that if the user guesses an incorrect word they have to wait for 5 seconds before they can guess again?
- Ask the user for the size of the word search they want, and change the `get_word_list()` function so that it returns a list of words that is an appropriate length for the size of the word search. There should be a minimum size of 10x10 so that all of the words can definitely fit into the grid.
- Currently found words are marked in bold but could you make it show found horizontal words in bold and found vertical words with underline instead to make them easier to distinguish on the solution grid?
- Edit the `generate_word_search` function so that it can place words diagonally as well as horizontally and vertically.
- Edit the `generate_word_search` function so that the random letters filled into the remaining spaces follow the proportion of letters in the English language.
- Or alternatively, edit the `generate_word_search` function so that the random letters filled into the remaining spaces follow the proportion of letters in the words to be found.