# Introduction to object-oriented programming

## Exercise 1 (example)

Programming is usually learned through small examples: programs have a few dozen lines at most and do a simple task.
But real-world applications are far larger, with multiple interacting features developed by separate programmers in a
codebase of many files. This scale demands more organisation than can be provided by simple programming constructs.

The main aim of object-oriented programming is to provide this organisation. Code is divided into classes to define objects which have both data and methods to operate on that data. Each object has a single responsibility, with objects depending only loosely on each other. This allows
programmers to work on one section of code each without being directly involved in other sections. Classes can be grouped into modules to separate responsibility further into different code files.

Don't worry about understanding the chess program opposite yet, but observe that while it is long, you can scan through to see how the use of OOP principles keeps it organised by separating logic into classes using the `class` keyword to keep the code organised.

## Note

The code also demonstrates the good python practice of using type hints to indicate the expected data types of all parameters and the data type of what is returned from any functions.

## Extension

This simple chess implementation has various improvements you might try to make if you would like to e.g. to allow player moves to only move their own pieces. This is beyond the intention of this example however which is just to show you an example of a longer codebase which makes use of classes.
