# Specifiers and Properties

## Exercise 1 (example)

Specifiers are tags / information associated with an attribute or method that **restrict access** to the attribute / method. Specifiers form one of the most important principles in Object Oriented Programming, the principle of **information hiding** & **programming to interfaces, not implementation**. Information hiding is when the implementation of a class or method is hidden from the user, only the interfaces are available to use, so that users don't know need to know how something works, they just need to know how to use it.

There are three types of specifiers in OOP: **Private**, **Protected** and **Public**. The private specifier, denoted by two underscores preceding the attribute / method name (`__`), only allows methods inside the same class to access it*. The protected specifier, denoted by one underscore (`_`), is intended for methods in the same class or subclasses of that class to access it*. Lastly, the public specifier (which has no underscores) allows any part of the program code to access the attribute / specifier.

For example, `self.__name` is a private attribute, whilst `self._name` is a protected attribute and `self.name` is a public attribute.

This applies to methods as well, for example, `self.__doSomething()` would be calling a private method `__doSomething` which would only be allowed within the code of the class.\*

Using specifiers in OOP is good practice, as it only allows access to classes / methods that need the access of that variable. Because of this, attributes cannot be accessed directly outside the class, so **getters** and **setters** are now required to be able to access / modify an attribute inside the class.

One way to do this is via getter and setter functions as shown here. We'll see another way via properties later on in the chapter.

- Note: technically Python doesn't actually prevent the programmer from breaking these access rules because of the wider Python principle of not restricting programmers but just facilitating good practice. In this case Python applies no protection in reality to _protected_ methods (programmers are just encouraged not to use them or use them cautiously outside of a class / sub-class). Python does apply some protection called _name wrangling_ to private methods but this can be circumvented if needed (not a good idea!). You can read up more on this if interested.
