# O Christmas Tree
*Constructed By Jem Bennett*

Try running this code and then try the following challenges to improve the tree!

## Challenge 1
Allow the user to input their own value for the height. 
Remember to cast the input to an integer.

## Challenge 2
The Christmas tree is looking very lop-sided. Try and increase the number of X's printed.
Hint: The number printed is currently `y+1`, where `y` is the number of the row we're currently on. 
How can we change the expression `y+1` so that the number of X's grows at twice the rate? 
Try putting a 2* somewhere into this expression.

## Challenge 3
Having only X's is somewhat bland. The tree needs some baubles.
The function random.choice picks an element at random from a list
Add an @ sign inside the list (in separate strings) to give the tree a chance to contain baubles

## Challenge 4
The tree needs a star at its peak.
Replace `False` with an expression to calculate whether or not this is the first row of the tree
Hint: Remember that `y` is the number of the row we're currently on

## Extension

- Can you work out how to make the X more likely to show up than the @?
- The leaves of the tree should face outwards. Instead of X, we want to print ">" if we're to the left of the trunk, and "<" if we're to the right. In the middle, we can still print an X. Replace `False` in the extension code with an expression to calculate which side of the trunk we're on. Hint: Recall that before we increased the width of the tree, y+1 characters were exactly enough to reach the trunk. Try comparing `x` with `y+1` and go from there.