# CIPHER CHALLENGE 2
*Constructed By Sophie Chiang*

This builds on the earlier challenge in this series to add some more functionality to the Ceasar Cipher!

Try running the code, then completing the tasks below.

## Task 1
Fix the bug that means it always only shifts +1 when encoding regardless of the user's choice.

We can decrypt a caesar cipher through brute force by looping through every possible shift that a message can have. 

See if you can decrypt the following messages ... you'll need to complete Task 2 first though.

- ita uzhqzfqp ftq oaybuxqd
- ywaown yeldano wna jkp ranu oayqna

## Task 2
Add a loop to the ceasar_decode function so that it prints out all of the possible shift decodings, not just one possibility.

## Task 3
Now you'll notice that currently all digits and punctuation are just ignored / dropped from the message.

Experiment with adding an ! to the end of the ALPHABET constant on line 2. What now happens? Try a message which includes an exclamation mark as well.

What other punctuation or digits would you like your enoder to support? 

Could you now remove the line of code which removes the spaces and instead introduce a space into the ALPHABET constant?

## Extension

Change the code to implement a Vigenère cipher instead!

This is a bit better than the Ceasar Cipher because instead of a shift number it uses a shift key.

For example imagine the message to encode was `hello` and the shift key was `cab`.

The shift key will be turned into equivalent shift numbers e.g. 2-0-1 using the mapping a=0, b=1, c=2, d=3 and so on.

Then:
- the first letter of the message `h` would be shifted by +2 (the first shift number) to give `j`
- the second letter of the message `e` would be shifted by +0 (the second shift number) to give `e`
- the third letter of the message `l` would be shifted by +1 (the third shift number) to give `m`
- the fourth letter of the message `l` would be shifted by +2 (the shift numbers repeat when they run out) to give `n`
- the fifth letter of the message `o` would be shifted by +0 to give `o`

So encoding `hello` with the shift key `cab` would give the result `jemno`.

Can you change your code so that it offers a Vigenère encoder (given a message and a shift-key) and also a Vigenère decoder which reverses the encryption (but will also need to be provided with the same shift-key)?
