# TOP TRUMPS
*Constructed By Jem Bennett*

This program simulates two bots playing Top Trumps against each other. Each card is represented as lists of four numbers. These represent the strengths of the cards in each of four different categories.

Try running the code, then completing the tasks below.

## Task 1
Currently, the cards aren't being dealt evenly!
The code gives player 0 the first 4 cards, and player 1 all the rest of them.
Change the code so that player 0 gets half of the cards and player 1 gets the rest.

## Task 2
Currently the bots randomly choose a category in which to challenge, which is not a great strategy.
Change the code to choose the largest score on the current card.
There is a [built-in function](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html) to find the largest number in a list - perhaps you can find it?

## Task 3
The program uses the `current_player` variable for whose turn but it is never updated
Add the line `current_player = 1 - current_player` somewhere to swap the turn over.
Hints:
- In Top Trumps, the current player **doesn't** change every turn. If the current player won this turn, they also play the next turn.
- Be careful, some lines in the loop use the `current_player` variable. Don't change it before those lines have been able to use it.
- Whilst you are at it, perhaps you can find a way to make the game display player 1 / player 2 (rather than player 0 / player 1) but without breaking the rest of the code?

## TASK 4: 
Add names to the categories, eg speed, strength, intelligence, and charisma.
Rather than printing out the number of the category, find the name based on the number and print it
Hint: 
- One method is to have a four-part if-elif-else statement for the four possible values of `current_card.index(strength)`. 
- A more advanced solution is to make a list and index into it.

## TASK 5: 
In Top Trumps, players should be able to decide in which order to place their cards on the bottom of their deck.
Make the bot place the better of the two cards above the worse where the better card has the higher sum across all four categories.
Hints: 
- See [the sum function here](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html) for a way to sum all list items.
- Add if...else... statements to append `current_card` then `opponent_card` if `current_card` is better, or `opponent_card` then `current_card` otherwise. 
- Make sure you apply the same logic regardless of who wins.
		
## Extension

Currently it's not possible to have a tie between two cards, but what if you added some cards where it was?

Think about how the current code would behave in that case. Then change the code to treat ties in accordance with the rules of Top Trumps: both cards are placed in the middle and the same player takes another turn with the winner taking all cards in the middle. Change the cards at the top to test your code. One idea would be to maintain a list of cards in the middle and add lines to each part of the `if` statement that checks who won to move all cards from that list to the winner's deck if a player wins.