# Day 7

An ugly form of malware attack instigated by the Gremlins (longstanding enemies of the Elves) has bloated some of the ElvesLight data records for the present preferences for the children in a particular town. They have done this by inserting fake bogus rows.

Rows of data consist of:

```
<ChildID>,<Choice1PresentID>,<Choice2PresentID>,<Choice3PresentID>,<Checkdigit>
```

Luckily the checkdigit algorithm was not known to the Gremlins so they have just picked random numbers for all their bogus ID fields and a single random checkdigit so the bogus rows can hopefully be identified and removed.

The Senior Elf reveals the checkdigit algorithm to you:

- take the 1st digit of the first ID, the 2nd digit of the second ID, the 3rd digit of the third ID and the 4th digit of the fourth ID in each row
- multiply these together
- find the remainder when this number is divided by the number of reindeer that pulls Santa's sleigh

The resulting digit should be stored as the last field of each row.

For example imagine the two rows:

```
1834,2643,4952,4588,6
5744,2699,5992,3221,3
```

From the first row take digits 1,6,5 and 8 and multiply to give 240 and hence a remainder of 6 which matches the checkdigit and so the row is accepted.

From the second row take digits 5,6,9,1 and multiply to give 270 and hence a remainder of 0 which does not match the checkdigit and so the row is rejected.

In total then 1 row of the example data would be retained.

Find and output how many of the rows in your Task Data File will be accepted as genuine when you run the checking test on all rows?

For the example data provided, your code should give the answer:

```
1
```
