# Day 10

ElvesLight, always looking to streamline their operations, have decided to implement a new system for tracking the efficiency of their toy assembly lines. Each assembly line is assigned a unique alphanumeric code, consisting of both letters (A-Z) and numbers (0-9).

To monitor productivity,they generate a daily report that lists the total number of toys produced by each line.

Your input is given in the following format:

```
<Alphanumeric code> <Number of toys produced>
```

Stung bythe recent Gremlins breach, they are using a unique hash method to secure the data and aid them in detecting fake details in the event of further data injection attacks.

The alphanumeric code for each assembly line is transformed using the following steps:

Digits retain their normal value but each letter is directly replaced in the code by a number by:

- first exchanging the letter for its alphabetical position p (A=1, B=2, ... , Z= 26)
- then find the sum of the first p positive integers (1 + 2 + 3 + ... + p) also known as the pth triangle number

Once all letters have been replaced by digits, multiply this number by the number of toys produced by that line.

The final hash is the remainder when this product is divided by 26 and converted back into a letter this time using a zero-based alphabetical position (A=0, B= 1, ... Z = 25)

For example, consider an assembly line row of:
B4G7 257

The conversion would proceed as follows:

- B is replaced by the 2nd triangle number (1 + 2 = 3)
- G is replaced by the 7th triangle number (1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 5 + 6 + 7 = 28)

So "B4G7" --> 34287 which is then multipled by 257 to give 8,811,759

The final hash for this row then is the 21st (8,811,759 % 26) letter of the alphabet and so is equal to "V".

Calculate all the hashes for your test input rows (your task Data File) and output the result as a single string of uppercase characters e.g. NPQ.

For the example data provided, your code should give the answer:

```
N
```

## Extension

It is a bit inefficient to continue to calculate the triangle numbers from 1 each time. Can you think of a better way to implement the `get_nth_tri_num` function?
