# Day 13

For purpose of efficieny, since the ElvesLight rejig, Santa's sleigh does not move from house to house as you might expect but goes on straight line runs, dropping the same present down each chimney but then revisiting some houses later on to drop other presents down the same chimney.

In a simulation ElvesLight are making, Stanta starts at house (0,0) and having delivered to this house is facing North on a rectangular grid of houses which can be imagined to continue infinitely in all directions.

Consider these sleigh movement instructions as an example.

```
12
L
18
R
4
R
2
R
12
L
5
L
14
```

Initially Santa steps North 12 times delivering to each house and so has then delivered to 13 houses in total from (0,0), to (0,-12). [ElvesLight consider stepping upwards to be reducing y-coordinates in good Computer Science fashion].

He is still facing North but the next instruction is to turn left so he then faces West followed by taking 18 steps in this new direction, delivering to 18 more houses. And so he continues to follow all of the movement instructions at the end of which his map of delivered houses looks like this with the bottom right cell being his starting house.

```
.......@...........
.......@...........
@@@....@...........
@.@....@...........
@.@....@...........
@.@....@...........
@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
..@....@..........@
..@....@..........@
..@....@..........@
..@....@..........@
..@....@..........@
..@....@..........@
..@....@..........@
..@@@@@@..........@
..................@
..................@
..................@
..................@
```

At the end then Santa has delivered to 66 houses which is not the same as adding up the numbers in the instructions because a) he has delivered to his starting house (0,0) before he begins and b) some houses have received two presents but they still count as only one house.

Find out how many houses Santa has delivered to for your Task Data File.

For the example data, your answer should be:

```
66
```

Note that when you run it with the real data you will need to wait a few seconds before you get the answer - see extension 1!

## Extension 1

ElvesLight Senior Researcher would like to make the code run quicker for large testing data sets (i.e. make the algorithm more efficient). You can do this by finding out how to replace the list of houses with instead a set of tuples e.g. initially

```
houses = {(0, -1)}
```

Instead of appending you then add to a set e.g. `houses.add((x,y))` and you can remove the test to see if the point is already included because the great thing about sets is that they don't have duplicates so any duplicated coordinate would just not count! Try this change and see how much quicker it makes your code!

## Extension 2

The code could be shortened from all the selection clauses if you could use a dictionary which looks up a current (chx, chy) and a direction e.g. L and returns the new (chx, chy). Can you find out how to implement that?
