# Day 14

Watching Yoda Santa often does. Whilst resting between deliveries he is.

Struck by Yoda's subject-verb approach he asks ElvesLight to adopt a similar computational method for their arithmetic by moving their operators after their operands.

Due also to the requiremements of the recently added Gremlin Security Scheme (GSS), all digits must be replaced by letters in the first 9 EVEN positions in the alphabet (B for 0, D for 1, F for 2 and so on until T for 9).

For example consider the calculation which uses \* for multiplication:

```
DF R HB + *
```

First removing GSS turns it back into:

```
12 8 30 + *
```

Then for evaluating, from left to right 12, 8 and 30 are passed over until the first operator + is encountered ... the 8 and the 30 were the two most recent operands so these are added giving 38 and reducing the problem to:

```
12 38 *
```

By similar approach, the 12 and 38 are passed over and the operator \* is then found and applied to its two most recent operands, giving the final answer of:
456

To test their new arithmetic skills, Santa gives the elves a list of problems to evaluate (your test input).

For example with two such problems we might have:

```
DF R HB + *
J NLP - TD +
```

The first one is the same as above and yields 456 but the second one is -561 so the overall total is -106.

All problems consist only of GSS operands and the operators +, - and \*. Calculate them all from your Task Data File and then add the results up to output the overall total which is your puzzle solution.

For the example data, your answer should be:

```
-106
```

## Extension 1

Investigate Reverse Polish Notation more formally including its history and uses.
