# Day 15

Santa's ElvesLight division continue to deliver exceptional performance and the Senior Elf announces one day that they have been now been rewarded with the project of creating the annual Christmas Catalog.

To mix things up, for added festive flavour, they have decided that the catalog will be sorted based on a special Christmas-themed custom order.

Words in the catalog should be sorted primarily based on the order of the characters in the word "TINSEL". For example words starting with N will come before words starting with E. Any characters in the word which are not in "TINSEL" come lower and if compared with each other are sorted lexicographically (alphabetic order). So for example E comes before B because E is in TINSEL and B isn't. But J comes before Q because neither are in TINSEL so normal alphabetical ordering applies. Usually dictionary conventions also apply e.g. CAT would come before CATTLE because they start with the same letters but CAT is shorter.

As a trial run, the Senior Elf also announces that she would like to see which elf in the company can be the first to correctly sort the 100 Christmas words in her first draft of the catalog (your test input data).

Sort all the words in your Task Data File and then concatenate together the last character of each word to find and output your answer.

For example consider the words:

```
SANTA
ELVES
TREE
GIFTS
SLEIGH
```

TREE will come first because T is at the start of TINSEL, followed by SLEIGH which beats SANTA because L is in TINSEL and A is not. This is followed by ELVES since E is in TINSEL but comes after S. Finally we have GIFTS because G is not in TINSEL.

The final order then is:

```
TREE, SLEIGH, SANTA, ELVES, GIFTS
```

Taking the last letter of each sorted word in order gives us the code word which should be the answer for your example data:

```
EHASS
```

Good luck!

## Extension 1

Investigate other sorting algorithms that could replace the Bubble Sort method here. You could look at Merge Sort for instance or you could see how you can use the built in Python .sort() function by providing the function to handle the comparions. You can also investigate how to shorten the code in the functions e.g. by looking at Python's `zip()` function.
