# Day 17

Today, Santa's ElvesLight division is working on a new navigation system for Santa's sleigh. The system uses a 2D grid of dots to map out the optimal route. The elves need a program that can follow a path through the grid and calculate a unique "trail sum" based on the coordinates visited.

Santa's path will be marked with @ characters and his path, starting at (1,1) will cross itself several times but he NEVER CHANGES DIRECTION UNLESS HE HAS TO because there is no option to continue in his current direction. When changes of direction do occur, the elves make sure that there is only one option so the route is always clear (i.e. no T-junctions).

To validate their new system, the Senior Validator is calculating a trail-sum. This starts at 0 when on (1,1) and then for every NEW path coordinate visited, the trail-sum is increased by the x-coordinate and then multplied by the y-coordinate of the new location.

For example consider the grid:

```
.......
.@.@@@.
.@.@.@.
.@@@@@.
...@...
...@...
.......
```

Santa's first move is to (1, 2): trail-sum increases to (0 + 1) x 2 = 2
The second move is to (1, 3): the trail-sum increases to (2 + 1) x 3 = 9
Continue following the path until the end is reached.

Note the trail_sum is always increased at each new location arrival even if visiting the house for the second time.

For the provided example grid, starting at (1, 1), the final trail sum is:

```
248775.
```

Calculate and output the trail sum for your Task Data File.

## Extension

You could investigate using a dictionary of coordinates which map to symbols to more easily test if a `(new_x, new_y)` coordinate has gone off the grid.
