# Day 18

In an interesting development, the Emergent Properties Lead at ElvesLight has discovered that the amount of magic dust required by any town or city to ensure sufficient population sleepiness during present distribution can actually be calculated using a formula related to the name of the location.

This is potentially an amazing discovery because only trial & improvement has been used to document quantities beforehand so ElvesLight are keen to investigate further. Unfortunately though it does involve a fairly long numeric calculation which is probably why it has not been previously discovered.

The other complication is that the algorithm does depend on the continent of the location. More specifically each continent has a different magic seed which is used as part of the algorithm as shown below.

Taking each letter from the location in turn:

- first convert it to an alphabetic position (A=1, B =2, C=3 etc)
- then starting from 0 start to repeat the instruction "add the alphabetic position then multiply by the same alphabetic position"
- in total apply these "add then multiply" operations the same number of times as the magic seed specifies for the continent of this location
- at which point you find the remainder when this number is divided by 999 and record this number as a weight in kg.

Adding up the weights generated from all the letters provides the total weight of magic dust required.

As an example consider the city and magic seed:

```
BO
1000
```

which is for the city of Bo in Sierra Leone, Africa.

Then for B:

- the position in the alphabet is 2
- so starting with zero repeat one thousand times (the seed) the instruction "add 2 and multiply by 2" which gives a large number which starts 4286034428...
- the remainder when this number is divided by 999 is 636

And for O:

- the position in the alphabet is 15
- so starting with zero repeat one thousand times (the seed) the instruction "add 15 and multiply by 15" which gives a large number which starts 1982958102...
- the remainder when this number is divided by 999 is 360

The total of these numbers gives `996` which indicates the weight (kg) of magic dust required for the city of Bo.

Calculate and output the number resulting from processing the city and magic seed given in your Task Data File. Good luck!

Note that after completing the gaps you might find the solution run too slowly for the main test data. You will find that a property of modular arithmetic helps if you make a small change!

For the example data, your answer should be:

```
6033
```
