# Day 19

In the ElvesLight workshop, in one of their historic storage lockers marked 1615, the elves have discovered some archived magic power-stones. It appears to be an unfinished prototype for a new form of power source for Santa's sleigh.

Each stone is marked with a different number and each glows with a different intensity.

After some further study, a relationship in glow intensities is discovered:

```
intensity(n) = intensity(n-1) + 2 x intensity(n-2) + 3 x intensity(n-3)
```

where n is the number marked on the stone.

This relationship does not apply however for all stones whose marked numbers are less than 4: it appears that for all such stones, their intensity is always equal to 1.

To catalog the total power intensity of the stones that the elves currently possess they list all of the numbers and now wish to calculate their total intensity.

For example consider the stones marked:

```
7
3
5
```

The stone marked 3 is the easiest one to calculate: its number is less than 4 so has an intensity of 1.

The stone marked 5 will have intensity equal to:
intensity(4) + 2 x intensity(3) + 3 x intensity(2)

intensity(3) and intensity(2) are both known to be 1.

intensity(4) is equal to:
intensity(3) + 2 x intensity(2) + 3 x intensity(1)
which equals 6

So intensity(5) is then 6 + 2 + 3 = 11

By similar method, intensity(7) can be calculated to be 66

Hence the total of the intensities for your example data should be:

```
78
```

Find and output the total intensity for the real magic power-stone list (your Task Data File).

# Extension

This principle of dynamic programming is that it is often efficient to iterate upwards building 'partial results' that are then available to later calculations.

This could also have been implemented using a recursive function (a function which calls itself) so long as you 'memorise' (store in a dictionary) all previous results calculated so that the code doesn't continually recalculate them. See if you demonstrate the 'recurse & memorise' approach for an alternative solution. You might also want to research other dynamic programming problems where the dynamic principle isn't as easy to spot/apply.
