# Day 21

"Ooh another one, another one", the excited young elf from yesterday squeals as an elfmail from the senior elf drops through the letterbox.

"We need this number as well for the Great Decrypt!".

You stare at a strange list of instructions which you have taken out of the elfvelope.

"They are assembly code instructions for ElvesLight first ever computer", the young elf explains.

"It is a historic design which had no memory but did have ten registers called R0 to R9 in order to store values. R0 was a particularly important register called the accumulator which the results of all calculations were stored in."

You ask the elf for a list of all the instructions that the computer recognised and she is glad to give it to you although speaking very fast still.

`HLT`
simply means "Halt" - the program has ended

`OUT <reg>`
means print on the screen the value of the specified register (0 - 9)

`LD <reg> <val>`
means "Load the register specified with the value given - i.e. set that register to that value"

`ADD <val1> <val2>`
`SUB <val1> <val2>`
`MUL <val1> <val2>`
`DIV <val1> <val2>`
`MOD <val1> <val2>`
are all very similar - they calculate the arithmetic operation (add, subtract, multiply, integer divide, mod respectively of val1 and val2 and always leave the result in the ACCUMULATOR (register 0 remember)

`CMP <val1> <val2>`
means to compare the two values and leave -1 in the accumulator of <val1> is less than <val2>, 1 in the accumulator of <val1> is greater than <val2> or zero in the accumulator otherwise

`JA <val>`
`JN <val>`
`JP <val>`
`JZ <val>`
are also very similar - they are used to control the program flow so that instead of moving on to the next instruction after the current one, the program jumps forwards or backwards the specified number of instructions. Note that <val> can be negative - see below. JA (jump always) will always complete this jump but the others have conditions:
JN (jump if negative) will only jump if the accumulator is currently negative
JP (jump if positive) will only jump if the accumulator is currently positive
JZ (jump if zero) will only jump if the accumulator is currently zero

The registers seem very clear (just 0 to 9) but you are a little unsure about <val> so you ask for more details.

"Yes <val> is a little tricky," the young elf says, "if it starts with a # e.g. #12 or #-5 then it refers to the number that follows the hash, noting that this number can be negative. However if it is just a single digit 0 to 9 without a hash e.g. 4 then in refers to whatever number is CURRENTLY stored in the register with that number."

Consider this example:

```
LD 1 #5
OUT 1
SUB 1 #1
LD 1 0
CMP 1 #0
JN #2
JA #-5
HLT
```

Register 1 is loaded with the literal number 5
5 is then output on the screen
The contents of register 1 (5) has one substracted from it to give 4 which is written into register 0 (the accumulator)
That value is then loaded back into register 1 from the accumulator (so register 1 now has the value 4)
A comparison of register 1 (4) with the literal 0 concludes that the first operand (4) is bigger so 1 is written into the accumulator
Since the accumulator is not negative, the JN command does not execute and instead it moves on to the JA instruction which always jumps so moves back 5 instructions from its current one...
...taking us back to to the OUT command which now prints 4 on the screen before continuing...

The above cycle takes place several times until on the screen we see:

```
5
4
3
2
1
0
```

which should be the output for your example data.

But at this stage the value of register 1 will go negative (-1) so when compared to 0, it is less than this so the accumulator will have the value -1 which is negative, triggering the JN jump to the HLT command which ends the program.

The elf tells you that you must complete an interpreter she has been working on to run the commands in your Task Data File : we will need to find and output the one number that it produces for the Great Decrypt.

## Extension

Can you understand what the program is doing more generally? Once you have it running try changing the starting value of just register 3 to other low numbers and running again to see what the output is.
