# Day 24

Amazingly the Red Phone falls silent - Santa must be all prepared for his ride and the work of ElvesLight for the year is complete!

The youngest elf is looking INCREDIBLY excited again:

"There will be time after all", she says, "you just wait and see!"

Surely enough a few minutes later all elfmail arrived from the Great Elf with an encrypted message.

"This happens every year if we finish in time", the young elf explains.

"The Great Elf always uses a symmetric encryption key produced by MULTIPLYING the three values A, B and C where

A: is the answer to the puzzle about baubles on the Christmas tree
B: is the answer to the puzzle from the Great Elf which came by elfmail
C: is unknown except that it is a positive whole number less than one million

"The Great Elf gives the ElvesLight Elf of the Year award to whichever elf can brute-force the decryption first!", the young elf practically shouts at you, "please please help it be me this year"

Help the young elf win ElvesLight Elf of the Year by decrypting the Great Elf's mesage (from your Task Data File). You'll need solutions to two of the earlier days to help you and it might help to guess a word that will probably appear in the decrypted message to know when you have found it.

To help you out a bit, The Great Elf only ever uses symmetric encryption and provides a sub-program to apply that cipher to either encrypt OR decrypt a message using the provided key.

The Great Elf also always like to use their own version of the Base64 alphabet which means that only letters found in the 64 characters `ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZabcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz0123456789 .` can be used but the Great Elf likes to think that this deals with most meangingful messages and the use of other punctuation is always a bit frivolous anyway.

Study the sample code carefully. The Great Elf provides an example of the encryption occurring in the sample code: in this case if encrypting the message:

```
Christmas is coming.
```

then the ciphertext would be:

```
OQQsef3Ff6udFSaUz4T7
```

You don't need to understand the encryption subprogram to be able to brute-force the decryption (for those interested, this year the Great Elf has used a bitwise XOR process for each 6 bits in the key with the corresponding index of that plaintext character in the Base64 alphabet).

You might find it helpful when brute-forcing the decryption to look for a word which the decrypted message is likely to contain.

You can run the sample code to see an example encryption take place but your task is to brute-force and then detect and output the decryption.

Good luck on your final quest.
