# Mathematical Functions
## Exercise 1 (example)

As well as printing out numbers which have been formatted to a certain number of digits, we often want to actually store rounded versions of the numbers as new variable values.

For an 'always round-up' rule we can use the `ceil()` function from the `math` library to get the next integer greater than the parameter value.

For an 'always round-down' rule we can use the `floor()` function from the `math` library to get the next integer less.

Or for general rounding (sometimes up/sometimes down) to a certain number of decimal places we can use the `round()` function which is used without a library import. 

Take particular caution when using ceil/floor with negatives e.g. `math.ceil(-5.8)` is `-5` (the nearest integer greater than -5.8) and `math.floor(-5.8)` is `-6`.

Also note with round() that when rounding a number which ends in a 5, the data science "round towards even" rule rather than the mathematical "round 5 up" rule is used. So for example `round(2.45, 1)` gives `2.4`, rounding down, because the last digit 4 means it ends in an even digit whereas if it had rounded up to 2.5 then the last digit 5 would have ended in n odd digit. But with `round(2.55, 1)` then it will deliver `2.6`, rounding up, to deliver a final even digit. This is used to avoid introducing a 'round up' bias to the calculations when processing lots of data.

Finally, note that due to floating-point inaccuracies (python is representing a decimal number using a binary system with a limited number of bits) then sometimes this slight error in the representation would mean that the round-to-even rule goes the other way e.g. try `print(round(5.65, 1))` which gives `5.7` not `5.6`. If this accuracy is an issue for your particular application then you need to look at alternatives methods for representing decimals e.g. research use of the Decimal class.


